Princess of the five kingdoms betrothal gift
Yukuni
Princess Fudo presented Mr. Linze with a piece of primordial amber
An original oil painting by Constantine
Princess Salama of Camel Country presented to Mr. Lin Ce
A set of Earthsea Palace
One supreme black card
Princess Chulapeng of the Prime Minister presented Mr. Lin Ce
An emperor jade
Snapdragon belt sword
Princess Bailina of the Kingdom of God presented to Mr. Lin Ce
One nine-pin lindane
Millennium Ganoderma lucidum
Each of these things is worth billions of dollars.
As expected of Mr. Linzer
Sure enough, there is pomp
Princess Xiaowen
Who the hell are they?
Why are you sending so many things to Mr. Linzer?
The legend of the colorful holy light has long spread all over the world
They are my classmates studying abroad
Mr. Lin Ce created colorful auspicious clouds once it came out
And they're fighting to get there.
Propose marriage to sir
mention
Dear, so Xia Wen, you finally figured it out.
i
I won't hand over this business card to you
If it weren't for the urgency of the situation now
How could I possibly let you come here?
Our five countries
But they are all members of the Allies around the Sea
Ocean Alliance
It is said to be a ring.
A super organization united by the four oceanic nations
There are 18 member states.
But the national strength is not as good as
Brooke, if you dare to make it difficult
Our crush, Mr. Linzer
It is to be the enemy of our eighteen countries around the sea
You have to think about it.
Mr. Linzer
You are as brave as the rumors say
unparalleled
As long as Mr. Linze gives your order
The armies 2 million the Allies can advance at any time
Support lobster
2.002 billion your kindness
Support is not needed